Don't worry, City Lord Liang
This matter today
I won't take my anger on your mother's family
Thank you, Miss Luo Yingxue
You are too good at pretending
Don't think that sending City Lord Liang
You can make a fortune in my Luo family
Dad, how can you do this?
Luo Yingxue is
Are you worthy of my mother?
It's Liang Yunsong, it's too disorderly for you to cook like this.
I want to report you to the above.
You are enough
Yang Yunsong
You are a city lord
So weak
No one took you
I should think about it
Your position
Should I give it to someone else?
The big lady is on the way, I'll deal with them
Take this brat to jail for me
Give me a good reflection
No dad
You can't take me to jail!
Mom, come and save me
Dad wants to take me to jail
What the immortal
You turn your phone on speakerphone
I told your dad
Mom, I opened it.
Liang Yusong, what the hell are you doing?
Why did you put your son in prison?
Is that a place where people can stay?